you know the Needham hacks you know as I
said before it's just something that I
personally do to try to help you know
carry the team forward to ultimate
victory everyone you know might wear
special hat or shirt they might have
shoes they might go through special
routine III count on a voodoo magic I
can I can put it in the palm of my hand
and and throw it on an opponent I feel
like I've got this pocket of spiritual
energy that I can call upon and stop
them all burn stop them hex it has to be
very targeted have to be looking at the
opponent because to make sure the petite
you know one especially on TV you know
they switch you know showing different
any others for the different teams
perspective you have to make sure you're
in line of sight you throw it on and of
course that's been known to backfire but
Needham hex Oh true Holdings it causes
that you know it's not designed to hurt
players it's designed to cause player
it's positive it's designed to cause
play execution errors you know I've seen
people do this with their arms and and
this and
you know me I'm uh you know I kind of
raised it raised my hand like this and I
can't you know right now I'm not I'm not
thinking about it so tonight but it's
not going to generate but I can see
something in my phone anything you got
you I've got some air in my hand but I
sit there and I can kind of it's an
imaginary or
when I say what what voodoo magic man